docs: add eslint plugin guide in CRA migration (#3383)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/migration/cra.mdx

You can read [Browser Compatibility](/guide/advanced/browser-compatibility) to understand how Rsbuild handles polyfills.

## Add ESLint plugin

> CRA integrates the ESLint plugin and has a set of builtin rules by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CRA has the [eslint-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/eslint-webpack-plugin) enabled by default and includes a set of built-in ESLint rules.
```

> In the Rsbuild project, you can add the Rsbuild [ESLint plugin](https://github.com/rspack-contrib/rsbuild-plugin-eslint), and add [CRA rule set](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-react-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an Rsbuild project, if you need similar functionality, you can add [@rsbuild/plugin-eslint](https://github.com/rspack-contrib/rsbuild-plugin-eslint) and use [eslint-config-react-app](https://www.npmjs.com/package/eslint-config-react-app) as the ESLint ruleset.
```
